Update spec support for latest draft version (#342)
vektah/gqlparser: readme.md

This is a parser for graphql, written to mirror the graphql-js reference implementation as closely while remaining idiomatic and easy to use.

> spec target: [Draft](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/), based on spec support of [graphql-js v16.10.0](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/releases/tag/v16.10.0) (Schema definition language, block strings as descriptions, error paths & extension)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spec target: [October 2021](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/) and [select portions of the Draft](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/), based on the reference implementation [graphql-js v16.10.0](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/releases/tag/v16.10.0). This includes Schema definition language, block strings as descriptions, error paths & extension, etc.
```

> spec target: [October 2021](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/) and [select portions of the Draft](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/), based on the graphql-js reference implementation [graphql-js v16.10.0](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/releases/tag/v16.10.0). This includes Schema definition language, block strings as descriptions, error paths & extension, etc. If there is a spec update or [new release](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/releases), please follow this process to update and submit a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spec target: [October 2021](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/) and [select portions of the Draft](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/), based on the graphql-js reference implementation [graphql-js v16.10.0](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/releases/tag/v16.10.0). This includes Schema definition language, block strings as descriptions, error paths & extension, etc. If there is a spec update or [new release](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/releases), please follow [this process to update](./validator/imported/readme.md) and submit a PR.
```
